---
name: Astropy Learn Website
desc: Design and Implement landing page for Astropy Learn ecosystem.
# add a short one line description of your project
requirements:
# Student requirements:
 - Web development knowledge
 - User interface design and user experience
 - Knowledge of the Sphinx documentation tool is a plus
difficulty: moderate
issues:
# Related issues (if any)  to this project.
mentors:
# First person in contact; mentors may change before project starts.
 - kelle
 - eblur
 - adrn
 - eteq
initiatives:
 - GSOC
tags:
# Different technologies needed
 - Web design
 - javascript
 - python
collaborating_projects:
# suborganisation(s) to which this project belongs.
 - astropy
---
Design and Implement landing page for Astropy Learn ecosystem.

#### Description
This project is for the creation of a landing web page for the Astropy Learn ecosystem.  The Learn ecosystems includes the Astropy documentation and associated examples, the Astropy tutorials, and guides (e.g., worked out science use cases). Implementing this likely also requires harmonizing the existing tutorials web site with the astropy documentation (which is generated by Sphinx).  This project may also include indexing/tagging of the materials and searching for content (this is already possible to some extent, but the current capabilities are inadequate).

#### Milestones (if any)

##### GSOC 2018 CODING STARTS

* Have a big-picture plan for how the learn landing page, astropy web site, astropy docs, and astropy tutorials link together.
* Have a general sense of what actual web page javascript code and sphinx extension changes might be necessary.

##### GSOC 2018 MIDTERM

* Have a draft design for the new web pages ready to get comment from the community.
* Have Pull Requests open for any changes necessary to the astropy documentation or tutorials page templates.

##### GSOC 2018 FINAL

* Have the completed landing page launched.
* (Stretch goal) Include in the landing page a search that works across all of the learn resources.
